docs: added note on async generator support in require-await (#9795)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/require-await.mdx

This rule extends the base [`eslint/require-await`](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/require-await) rule.
It uses type information to allow promise-returning functions to be marked as `async` without containing an `await` expression.

:::note

> Unlike the base rule, our implementation also supports [async generator functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`yield` expressions in [async generator functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function*) behave differently from sync generator functions, so the base rule never checks async generator functions. On the other hand, our rule uses type information and can detect async generator functions that also always yield non-promise values.
```

:::

## Examples

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="❌ Incorrect">

```ts
async function returnNumber() {
  return 1;
}

async function* asyncGenerator() {
  const num = Promise.resolve(1);

>   yield 1 + num;

Reviewer 2: One more complaint (sorry!) - we try to avoid putting type errors in our examples that might be seen as red herrings. Here, TS will complain that `number` and `Promise<number>` can't be added to each other, which isn't relevant to what this rule is about. Let's fix that up so we don't confuse readers 🙂 

i.e. something like this?
```ts
// incorrect
async function* asyncGenerator() {
   yield 1;
}

// correct
function* asyncGenerator() {
   yield 1;
}
```

This rule extends the base [`eslint/require-await`](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/require-await) rule.
It uses type information to allow promise-returning functions to be marked as `async` without containing an `await` expression.

:::note

> Unlike the base rule, our implementation also supports [async generator functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function*).

Reviewer 2: It's not 100% unambiguous what it means to "support" generator functions (and it's tricky to describe in words). Would you mind adding one example to the docs for the generator function case? 🙂

Author: You want to delete the note and add an example instead?

Reviewer 2: Nah, definitely need the words too 👍

Author: I added a new example.

  return Promise.resolve(1);
}

> async function* asyncGenerator() {

Reviewer 2: Ah - so, the trouble now, is, this added example is correct in the base rule, too. So, we'd want to add an additional _incorrect_ example (in a separate tab/section - see other rules for examples) that _will_ flag.

Author: When I added the example I checked that the base rule doesn't support that.
[ESLint playground(https://eslint.org/play/#eyJ0ZXh0IjoiYXN5bmMgZnVuY3Rpb24gc29tZXRoaW5nKCkge1xuICBjb25zdCBudW0gPSBQcm9taXNlLnJlc29sdmUoMSk7XG4gIHJldHVybiAxICsgbnVtO1xufVxuXG5hc3luYyBmdW5jdGlvbiogYXN5bmNHZW5lcmF0b3IoKSB7XG4gIGNvbnN0IG51bSA9IFByb21pc2UucmVzb2x2ZSgxKTtcbiAgeWllbGQgMSArIG51bTtcbn1cbiIsIm9wdGlvbnMiOnsicnVsZXMiOnsicmVxdWlyZS1hd2FpdCI6WyJlcnJvciJdfSwibGFuZ3VhZ2VPcHRpb25zIjp7InBhcnNlck9wdGlvbnMiOnsiZWNtYUZlYXR1cmVzIjp7fX19fX0=)
[Typescript-eslint playground](https://typescript-eslint.io/play/#ts=5.5.2&fileType=.ts&code=IYZwngdgxgBAZgV2gFwJYHsIxOgtgU2QAtUIBzACgEoYBvAWACgYYpMRkYIFcYBeGAAUATnlQh8AOmH4cAGwBu%2BCgEYqAbiYsZyBMKwqYAai49NjAL5MmoSLEQoMEAFQxb0AOL4I%2BYcGTowtR0WqzsnNy8AiJiEtKy6IrKauYsYKj4cgAmMIYmkeZWjExAA&eslintrc=N4KABGBEBOCuA2BTAzpAXGUEI0QR1gEtpEBaAQwHdzCAXdKAewDNnIAacbSAAVoE8ADigDG0QoNqkU8QgDtaAehIFiZKjXoZIiaNEbRIXAL4hjQA&tsconfig=N4KABGBEDGD2C2AHAlgGwKYCcDyiAuysAdgM6QBcYoEEkJemy0eAcgK6qoDCAFutAGsylBm3TgwAXxCSgA&tokens=false)

Reviewer 2: I'm not following, sorry. Could you clarify?

Author: I clarified this in the comment above. Could you check the links and see the difference?

Reviewer 2: Oh, looking at this now, I think I looked only in the "correct" tab, here, and failed to see the corresponding code in the "incorrect" tab. In any case this looks good. Sorry for the confusion!
